Details about file:
Ground Truth answers for the prompt questions.
*****
P1."Does Alabama Psychiatry and Counseling have generally good rankings in the reviews?"
A1."No, poor ratings number (55+5) slightly higher than good rating numbers (46+3)."
P2."Does Alabama Psychiatry and Counseling have generally poor rankings in the reviews?"
A2."Yes, poor ratings number (55+5) slightly higher than good rating numbers (46+3)."
P3."Are the staff at Eastside Mental Health considered friendly by reviewers?"
A3."Yes."
P4."Are the staff at Eastside Mental Health considered rude by reviewers?"
A4."No."
P5."Does Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy have many 4-star and above ratings?"
A5."Yes, 45."
P6."Does Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy have many 2-star and below ratings?"
A6."No, 3."
P7."Do reviews of Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy mention flexible scheduling options?"
A7."No."
P8."Are there complaints about the scheduling not being flexible at Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy?"
A8."Yes."
P9."Have people found it easy to schedule appointments at Restorative Counseling Services?"
A9."No."
P10."Have people found it difficult to schedule appointments at Restorative Counseling Services?"
A10."Yes."
P11."Do people find the services at Alabama Psychiatry and Counseling expensive?"
A11."Yes."
P12."Do people find the services at Alabama Psychiatry and Counseling affordable?"
A12."No."
P13."Which center has more good rankings, Eastside Mental Health or Restorative Counseling Services?"
A13."Restorative Counseling Services."
P14."Which center has more poor rankings, Eastside Mental Health or Restorative Counseling Services?"
A14."Eastside Mental Health."
P15."Are the staff at Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy seen as friendlier than those at Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy?"
A15."Almost same level of friendliness."
P16."Are the staff at Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy seen as more rude than those at Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy?"
A16."No, neither has rude reviews."
P17."Which center has more 4-star and above reviews, Eastside Mental Health or Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy?"
A17."Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy."
P18."Which center has more 2-star and below reviews, Eastside Mental Health or Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy?"
A18."Eastside Mental Health."
P19."Are the scheduling options at Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy more flexible compared to Restorative Counseling Services?"
A19."Yes, Restorative Counseling Services has bad reviews on flexibility."
P20."Are the scheduling options at Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy less flexible compared to Restorative Counseling Services?"
A20."No, Restorative Counseling Services has bad reviews on flexibility."
P21."Which center has easier scheduling according to reviews, Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy or Restorative Counseling Services?"
A21."Both have few bad reviews on scheduling issues, Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy has one more than Restorative Counseling Services."
P22."Which center has harder scheduling according to reviews, Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy or Restorative Counseling Services?"
A22."Both have few bad reviews on scheduling issues, Birmingham Anxiety and Trauma Therapy has one more than Restorative Counseling Services."
P23."Which center is considered more expensive by reviewers, Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy or Eastside Mental Health?"
A23.
P24."Which center is considered more affordable by reviewers, Thriveworks Counseling and Therapy or Eastside Mental Health?"
A24.
P25."Which counseling center in Birmingham has the best rankings overall?"
A25.
P26."Which counseling center in Birmingham has the worst rankings overall?"
A26.
P27."Which center is most often mentioned for having friendly staff?"
A27.
P28."Among all centers, which one has the most mentions of rude behavior?"
A28.
P29."Which center has the highest number of 4-star and above ratings?"
A29.
P30."Which counseling center has the most 2-star and below reviews?"
A30.
P31."Which center is known for having the most flexible scheduling according to reviews?"
A31.
P32."Which center has the most complaints about not having flexible scheduling?"
A32.
P33."Which counseling center has the easiest appointment scheduling?"
A33.
P34."Which center receives the most complaints about scheduling being difficult?"
A34.
P35."Which counseling center is considered the most expensive by reviewers?"
A35.
P36."Which center is mentioned the most for being affordable?"
A36.
*****